# User management system

## First time setup
1. Clone the repository
2. Make sure you have `docker` and `docker-compose` installed
3. Run `make run`

## Usage
Example requests in `./docs` directory

## Design decisions
- `docker-compose` is used to run the application
- `ent` is used to generate the database schema. Why? IMHO it's a bit
overkill for this project, but it's a good opportunity to learn something new. Simple sqlc would be enough.
- `echo` is used as a web framework. Why? It's simple and easy to use.
- There could be created one more layer of abstraction for the communication between handlers and database, but it's not necessary for this project.
- Domain is separated from the database schema. Why? It's a good practice to separate domain from the database schema. It's easier to test and maintain.

## Integration tests
- Integration tests are written in `./tests` directory
- Can be checked by running whole file (one file is one e2e test)
- Preferably run in a separate environment

## Scalability
- Application is stateless so it can be easily scaled horizontally
- Database is a bottleneck, but it can be easily scaled by using read replicas
- If deployed to cloud, it can be handled by load balancer
- Some kind of redis cache can be implemented to cache the most frequent queries
- Autoscaling for pods can be implemented

## Security
- Passwords are hashed with `bcrypt`
- API should be stateless so no session management is needed
- JWT should be used for authentication for all endpoints
- JWT can be generated by the `/login` endpoint
- Users could have roles and permissions, i.e. `admin`, `user`
- Permissions could be checked by middleware
- `User` should see and update only his own data
- `Admin` should see and update all data (but not passwords)

